docs: mention XML namespaces in `maven` docs (#40205)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/maven/readme.md

> The `maven` manager focuses on extracting dependencies from `pom.xml`. It uses the official Maven versioning scheme. XML files must declare official namespaces to be parsed correctly (see Maven documentation on [`pom.xml`][pom-docs], [`extensions.xml`][extensions-docs]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `maven` manager focuses on extracting dependencies from `pom.xml`.
XML files must declare official namespaces to be parsed correctly (see Maven documentation on [`pom.xml`](https://maven.apache.org/pom.html), [`extensions.xml`](https://maven.apache.org/configure.html#mvn-extensions-xml-file))
```

Author: This is pushed. I kept "It uses the official Maven versioning scheme." which I assumed was removed by accident (let me know if not).

Reviewer: Yes, I deleted it by accident, thanks for catching it. My point was that in documentation, ever sentence is on its own line. By not putting an empty line between them, you can still make them appear as a single paragraph in the rendered form.

Reviewer: I'd suggest we split the two pre-existing lines into four as part of this PR 👍
